Add documentation for running Gradle/Maven with DD Java tracer (#17373)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/tests/java.md

[1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/api-keys
[2]: /getting_started/site/

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "On-Premises CI provider (Datadog Agent)" %}}

> If you are running tests on an on-premises CI provider such as Jenkins or self-managed GitLab CI, you can install the Datadog Agent on each worker node by following the [Agent installation instructions][1]. Datadog recommends running CI Visibility with Agentless mode.

Author: I wonder if we can somehow make it more obvious to the customers that it is possible to use Agentless mode both with cloud CI providers and with on-premise providers, i.e. they do not need to migrate from on-premise CI to cloud CI if they want to switch from using the Agent to Agentless.

I thought that "Cloud CI provider (Agentless)" tab name was a bit misleading in this sense, so I renamed it to "Agentless", but maybe there is a better way to convey it.

@alai97 what do you think?

Reviewer: @nikita-tkachenko-datadog My intention was to keep the tabs consistent across the Test pages (such as for [.NET](https://docs.datadoghq.com/continuous_integration/tests/dotnet/)).

```suggestion
If you are running tests on an on-premises CI provider such as Jenkins or self-managed GitLab CI, you can install the Datadog Agent on each worker node by following the [Agent installation instructions][1]. You can also run CI Visibility on an on-premises CI provider with Agentless mode.
```

}
{{< /code-block >}}

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

## Running your tests

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Maven" %}}

Run your tests using the `MAVEN_OPTS` environment variable to specify a path to the Datadog Java Tracer JAR.

In the tracer arguments, specify the following:

* CI Visibility is enabled by setting the `dd.civisibility.enabled` property to `true`.
* The environment where tests are being run (for example, `local` when running tests on a developer workstation or `ci` when running them on a CI provider) is defined in the `dd.env` property.

> * The name of the service or library under `test` is defined in the `dd.service` property.

Author: To me highlighting `test` as code here seems slightly confusing.

In this case "library under test" means "library which is being tested". So "test" is used more as a general term, rather than as a specific command (the command itself might be different, for instance with Maven it can be `verify`).

Perhaps we could change the phrasing here then, for example to something like "the name of the service or library that is being tested is defined in the `dd.service` property"?

The same applies to the Gradle section below.

@alai97 please let me know what you think.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The name of the service or library that is being tested is defined in the `dd.service` property.
```

For example:

{{< code-block lang="shell" >}}
MAVEN_OPTS=-javaagent:$HOME/.m2/repository/com/datadoghq/dd-java-agent/${VERSION}/dd-java-agent-${VERSION}.jar=\
dd.civisibility.enabled=true,\
dd.env=ci,\
dd.service=my-java-app \
mvn clean verify -Pdd-civisibility
{{< /code-block >}}

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Gradle" %}}

Run your tests using the `org.gradle.jvmargs` system property to specify a path to the Datadog Java Tracer JAR.

In the tracer arguments, specify the following:

* CI Visibility is enabled by setting the `dd.civisibility.enabled` property to `true`.
* The environment where tests are being run (for example, `local` when running tests on a developer workstation or `ci` when running them on a CI provider) is defined in the `dd.env` property.

> * The name of the service or library under `test` is defined in the `dd.service` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The name of the service or library that is being tested is defined in the `dd.service` property.
```

{{< code-block lang="shell" >}}
DD_TRACER_VERSION=... // e.g. 1.12.0
{{< /code-block >}}

Declare `DD_TRACER_FOLDER` variable with the path to the folder where you stored the downloaded tracer JAR:

{{< code-block lang="shell" >}}
DD_TRACER_FOLDER=... // e.g. ~/.datadog
{{< /code-block >}}

Run your tests using the `org.gradle.jvmargs` system property to specify a path to the Datadog Java Tracer JAR.

In the tracer arguments, specify the following:

* CI Visibility is enabled by setting the `dd.civisibility.enabled` property to `true`.
* The environment where tests are being run (for example, `local` when running tests on a developer workstation or `ci` when running them on a CI provider) is defined in the `dd.env` property.
* The name of the service or library that is being tested is defined in the `dd.service` property.

For example:

{{< code-block lang="shell" >}}
./gradlew cleanTest test -Pdd-civisibility --rerun-tasks -Dorg.gradle.jvmargs=\
-javaagent:$DD_TRACER_FOLDER/dd-java-agent-$DD_TRACER_VERSION.jar=\
dd.civisibility.enabled=true,\
dd.env=ci,\
dd.service=my-java-app
{{< /code-block >}}

> **Important:** Specifying `org.gradle.jvmargs` in the command-line will override the value specified elsewhere. If you have this property specified in a `gradle.properties` file, be sure to replicate the necessary settings in the command-line invocation
> 
> **Note:** Currently CI Visibility is not compatible with [Gradle Configuration Cache][1], so do not enable the cache when running your tests with the tracer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifying `org.gradle.jvmargs` in the command line overrides the value specified elsewhere. If you have this property specified in a `gradle.properties` file, be sure to replicate the necessary settings in the command line invocation.

**Note:** CI Visibility is not compatible with [Gradle Configuration Cache][1], so do not enable the cache when running your tests with the tracer.
```
